you don't have to know
anything about me to find this video a
little bit interesting
it's just a little bit interesting you
don't have to know any other people
involved
i have an ex-wife my ex-wife has a
twitter account
and on that account she makes public
statements
like the following quote if you have a
narcissistic parent
or know someone who does you should read
this
autobiographical piece by rage michelle
so that's that's an interesting thing
for my ex-wife to say now
that doesn't mean that my ex-wife
believes
her own father is a narcissist no no no
we couldn't
we couldn't possibly leap to that
conclusion
and in fact my ex-wife's father
grandpa peed my ex-father-in-law
he has come on youtube to insult me at
great length
and to quite briefly insist that he was
never
diagnosed with narcissistic personality
disorder to insist that he's not a
narcissist
so um the article if you click through
to read it it's very casually written
it remarks on different uh behaviors
that people with narcissism
stereotypically exhibit they accept zero
responsibility
they're grandiose they're bullying
they're thin
skinned yes and they are they are serial
liars
they lie all the time and above all else
people with narcissistic personality
disorder
they tend to lie about being diagnosed
with narcissistic personality disorder
they will lie
about their own narcissism and about
their own experiences with the
mental health system partly because they
find it denigrating
and rightly so so that's the article you
can read it all
if you're interested and now let's hear
what my former father-in-law grandpa
pete
what he actually has to say for himself
in the same note
he informed my wife
that i had been diagnosed with obsessive
compulsive disorder and with
narcissistic personality disorder
neither of those is even remotely true
i'd like to say right now that
i've lived a reasonable adult
life there are many things in my life
that i regret
i'm you know during my long life
i've carelessly hurt some people
i regret those things i make mistakes
i try to recover from them
but being diagnosed with narcissistic
personality disorder
is not in my history
well that may be true far be it for me
to call you a liar
grandpa pete and far be it from my
ex-wife
to call you a liar or call you a
narcissist all she said publicly is
if you have a narcissistic parent or
know someone who does
you should read this autobiographical
piece however there are many many lies
packed into that video you made about me
pete an enormous
number of lies including this bizarre
delusion you have
that i was trying to destroy your
marriage
or that i in any way communicated with
your
wife i never sent her an email and ever
spoke to her
the only communication i ever had with
her was while you were in the room and
it was really some pretty shallow
pleasantries hi nice to meet you
getting to know you immediately before
my
legal wedding to your to your daughter
so
what pete did and you can figure this
out by watching the whole interview he
did which as i say is full of
uh invective against me full of really
bizarre insults
also full of a lot of very thin-skinned
bullying
grandiose claims um and a lot of lies
what you'll notice is that he's
constructed a narrative in his head
that emails written by his daughter
were in fact secretly written by myself
that i had written emails or i know
maybe imagines i like
hacked into her email account but
nothing of that kind
ever happened so he is attributing to me
a rather hyperbolic and exaggerated
memory
of things his daughter said to him
directly in her own voice it was
completely clear that was his daughter
speaking to him not me
and obviously she also just knows things
that i wouldn't know when she speaks for
herself
it's very very clear those emails were
not written by me and pete you have
you have no emails from me that resemble
what you're saying after you made this
video i went back and re-read
every single email i ever sent you and i
actually put them here on youtube so
everyone could
see what the communication was between
us that i did make a
i did make a level effort to be a good
friend to you pete
at a time when you needed a friend at a
time when your daughter was furious with
you and she didn't want to speak to you
at all
i actually did my part to try to patch
up the relationship and
make the whole family unit work a little
bit better
but yeah the story as pete tells it
is not just that he was never diagnosed
as a narcissist
but also that his daughter never accused
him
of being a narcissist that she never
said to him that she thought
he might have npd instead
he wants to imagine that i somehow
secretly wrote those emails
and that i somehow secretly wrote emails
to
his wife from
my ex-wife's email account pete
nothing of that kind ever happened
shout out to the whole family i mean
really people like to disrespect my crew
but the fact is that you know my name
and i don't know you